Project Committee Meeting - October 8, 2020, 12:00 PM ET

ATTENDEES: Eriawan Kusumawardhono (@eriawan), Chris Sfanos (@ChrisSfanos), Juan Elosegui (@jmelosegui), Shaun Walker (@sbwalker), Chris Hammond (@ChrisHammond), Scott Willhite (@mrswoop), Jeremy Sinclair (@snickler)

ABSENT: Claire Novotny (@clairernovotny), Tanner Gooding (@tannergooding), Jeff Strauss (@jstrauss)

STAFF OBSERVERS: Terracia King (@terraciaking)

AGENDA

1. MONTHLY PROGRESS UPDATE

- Esquio, Xamarin Community Toolkit, DataGrid 
  - The Board of Directors agreed to accept the Project Committee’s recommendation and approve these applications from last month.
- C# standardization: ECMA TC49-TG2 
  - @sbwalker led a discussion regarding the Committee’s meeting with Bill Wagner to gain more insight on the C# Standardization project. 

2. REVIEW NEW PROJECT APPLICATIONS	

- C# standardization: ECMA TC49 – TG2 
  - based on results of meeting with Bill Wager Project Committee agreed to recommend C# standardization: ECMA TC49 – TG2 to the Board for membership.
- Stride
  - reviewed activity metrics and eligibility criteria 
  - activity metrics indicate this project is mature and has an active community
  - licensing check indicates that they are licensed under MIT.
  - @jmelosegui raised a question regarding Stride’s previous ownership and how much research is required to ensure code provenance
  - @sbwalker action item to discuss with @clairernovotny the verification steps required for Project Contribution Agreements.
  - recommendation: Project Committee agreed to recommend Stride to the Board for membership
- CAP 
  - it was noted that this project is using the "dotnetcore" organization on Github which may be a trademark violation issue
  - recommendation: defer application review until Project Committee can meet with @clairernovotny for further discussion

3. PROJECT

- IdentityServer 
  - @sbwalker led a discussion regarding the IdentityServer project and their recent decision to commercialize the open source project.
  - @mrswoop stated that the Foundation should identify the ideal outcome for projects such as IdentityServer.
  - @snickler led a discussion regarding the content on IdentityServer’s product webpage.
  - @Eriawan suggested the .NET Foundation needs to create guidelines to explain a standard process for these types of scenarios in the future.
  - @sbwalker action to schedule a follow up meeting for the Project Committee with @clairernovotny to gain more insight.
  -  @sbwalker and @clairernovotny to meet with maintainers of IdentityServer

4. Q&A

  - @snickler led a discussion around the recent updates to the Projects webpage on the .NET Foundation site.

The meeting adjourned at 1:00 pm ET