Project Committee Meeting - September 10, 2020, 12:00 PM ET

ATTENDEES: Eriawan Kusumawardhono (@eriawan), Tanner Gooding (@tannergooding), Chris Sfanos (@ChrisSfanos), Juan Elosegui (@jmelosegui), Shaun Walker (@sbwalker), Chris Hammond (@ChrisHammond), 

BOARD MEMBER: Jeff Strauss (@jstrauss)

ABSENT: Scott Willhite (@mrswoop),), Jeremy Sinclair (@snickler), Claire Novotny (@clairernovotny),

STAFF OBSERVERS: Terracia King (@terraciaking)

AGENDA

1. MONTHLY PROGRESS UPDATE

- Nanoframework
  - The Board of Directors agreed to accept the Project Committee’s recommendation and approve Nanoframework’ s application last month.
- nopCommerence 
  - @sbwalker sent feedback to the project’s maintainer to explain that due to non-permissive licensing, the Foundation will currently not be able to approve the project’s application. The application has been closed.

2. REVIEW NEW PROJECT APPLICATIONS	

- Esquio
  - reviewed activity metrics and eligibility criteria 
  - activity metrics indicate this project is fairly mature ( active, multiple contributors )
  - licensing check indicated that they are licensed under Apache 2 which is permissive.
  - recommendation:  Project Committee agreed to recommend Esquio to the Board for membership.
- Xamarian Community Toolkit 
  - reviewed activity metrics and eligibility criteria 
  - activity metrics indicate this project is mature ( started in 2016, active, commit count is low compared to other projects )
  - licensing check indicated that they are licensed under MIT which is permissive.
  - recommendation: Project Committee agreed to recommend Xamarian Community Toolkit to the Board for membership
- DataGrid Extensions 
  - reviewed activity metrics and eligibility criteria 
  - activity metrics indicate this project is mature however 1 contributor has done 99% of the commits
  - licensing check indicated that they are licensed under MIT which is permissive.
  - @sbwalker stated that the Project Committee can recommend the project for approcal but also reach out to the maintainer and encourage them to try to solicit more contributors
  - recommendation: Project Committee agreed to recommend Datagrid Extensions to the Board for membership
- C# standardization: ECMA TC49 – TG2
  - not an Open Source project currently
  - is work being done as a Standards Committee as part of ECMA and is primarily comprised of documentation
  - the Standards Committee would like the project to become an official member then go through the motions of making it an Open Source project. 
  - the standard is already public, but they would like to make the communication and work to made public in the next phase. 
  - @tannergooding recommended that the Project Committee reach out to the C# Standardization project maintainer to ask how they plan on coordinating with C# Language prior to sending them for Board approval. 
  - recommendation: The Projects Committee will defer the decision for recommendation to next month to gather more information. 
  - action item: Projects Committee to ask C# Standardization’s project maintainer how they plan to coordinate with C# Language Team.
  - action item: @sbwalker to present the Projects Committee’s recommendations and the deferred project to the Board at the September 17th, 2020 Board Meeting.

3. PROJECT

- SixLabors/ImageSharp 
  - @sbwalker followed up with the project maintainer of ImageSharp to determine next steps and has not received a response. This item remains open.
- DNF Projects Site – Projects Trends
  - URL: https://dnfprojects.azurewebsites.net/net-foundation-projects
  - @sbwalker provided an update on the application for daily tracking of activity metrics. 
  - @sbwalker outlined the feedback received on Twitter and adjustments made to the application
- Projects Committee Charter
  - the Projects Committee adjusted the charter to replace the word "health" with "activity" ( the Committee has never evaluated project "health" - only public metrics on Github )
- Nuget Package Ranking Discussion 
  - Project Committee met previously with Jon Douglas from Nuget about a new proposed package ranking system
  - Nuget wants to create an algorithm to consider the popularity, recent activity, and quality of packages
  - Projects Committee was asked to provide feedback and continue collaboration on this topic 
- Project Benefits
  - @tannergooding provided an update on the list of project benefits started in GitHub. 
  - action item: @tannergooding to meet with @clairenovotny to understand how to open this discussion to the broader community 
- Open Source Licensing
  - @Eriawan led the discussion on Open Source licensing.
  - @Eriawan had created a proposal for suggested permissive licensing to present to the Board.
  - @jstrauss suggested that the Projects Committee create a list of licenses that are not accepted.

4. Q&A

The meeting adjourned at 1:03 pm ET