Project Committee Meeting - Thursday, May 14, 12:00 PM ET

Attendees: @sbwalker, @ChrisHammond, @snickler, @mrswoop, @ClaireRNovotny, @ChrisSfanos
Absent: @tannergooding, @eriawan

Agenda:

1. Opening Discussion

- ResXResourceManager- Board of Directors agreed to accept recommendation and approve application last month - Chris Sfanos in process of onboarding
- Trivial - moved to Seed category based on project maturity - will re-evaluate next quarter
- JHipster.Net - Committee discussed request from project owners for marketing exposure opportunities
- Future Board Meetings - Board of Directors requested that Project Committee Chair attend the monthly Board meeting to represent the Project Committee
- New Foundation Website - reviewed new website, discussed opportunity to contribute content for Project area, discussed need for official registry of .NET Foundation projects

2. Review Project Applicants

- Reviewed health metrics for 1 new project submitted in the past month: PInvoke
- @sbwalker has followed up with project owner via email to collect Eligibility criteria
- If no blockers encountered in Eligibility criteria, Project Committee is recommending the Board approve this application


3. Open Source License Discussion

- Executive Director of .NET Foundation shared background information related to some recent project licensing issues
- Project Committee will be responsible for handling licensing issues on behalf of the .NET Foundation going forward
- Action Item: Project Committee Chair to share internal communications with other Project Committee members related to licensing issues
- Project Committee will have a follow up meeting next week to discuss plan of action
- Project Committee also needs to construct proposal for clear Licensing guidelines for .NET Foundation
- 

Meeting adjourned after 1 hour.