Project Committee Meeting - December 10, 2020, 12:00 PM ET

ATTENDEES: Chris Sfanos (@ChrisSfanos), Juan Elosegui (@jmelosegui), Shaun Walker (@sbwalker), Chris Hammond (@ChrisHammond), Jeremy Sinclair (@snickler), Tanner Gooding (@tannergooding), Ken Cutt (@kencutt), Claire Novotny (@clairernovotny), Eriawan Kusumawardhono (@eriawan)

ABSENT: Jeff Strauss (@jstrauss), Scott Willhite (@mrswoop), John Callaway (@ovation22)

STAFF OBSERVERS: Terracia King (@terraciaking)

AGENDA

1. MONTHLY PROGRESS UPDATE

Board of Directors agreed to accept the Projects Committee’s recommendation and approve the following applications last month:

- Silk.NET
- Ant Design Blazor
- Finbuckle.MultiTenant

2. REVIEW NEW PROJECT APPLICATIONS	

- Case Management - https://github.com/simpleidserver/CaseManagement
  - relatively new project without a lot of activity
  - licensing is permissive
  - recommendation: do not recommend for approval, evaluate if suitable for Seed level
- FastTunnel - https://github.com/SpringHgui/FastTunnel
  - relatively new project without a lot of activity
  - licensing is permissive
  - recommendation: do not recommend for approval, evaluate if suitable for Seed level
- Tom’s Toolbox - https://github.com/tom-englert/TomsToolbox
  - relatively new project without a lot of activity
  - licensing is permissive
  - recommendation: do not recommend for approval, evaluate if suitable for Seed level
- NanUI for WinForms - https://github.com/NetDimension/NanUI
  - project is mature however does not have much recent activity
  - license is permissive but was recently changed from a non-permissive license
  - recommendation: do not recommend for approval, evaluate if suitable for Seed level and inquire about license change

3. PROJECT
- Project Activity Tracker
  - Url: https://dnfprojects.azurewebsites.net/net-foundation-projects
  - Committee reviewed activity trends for .NET Foundation projects for the past 6 months
  - it was noted that there a large number of .NET Foundation which are inactive
  - @clairenovotny asked the Committee if there should be requirements for ongoing activity to stay in the Foundation?
- Press Release Plan
  - @sbwalker noted that the New Project Application form asks for submitters to provide a PR Plan and asked if this information is used anywhere
  - @clairenovotny indicated that it is not being used currently
  - @sbwalker asked if it should be shared with the Marketing Committee
  - @tannergooding suggested that the information could be optional
  - @snickler suggested that the Committee create a form that would allow the project maintainers to check the types of press that would like for their project (ex. Twitter)
- Trademark Usage
  - there is an organization from China on GitHub using "dotnetcore" as its name
  - @clairenovotny has reached out to them to determine if they may be able to change their name
  - communication is challenging due to language barriers
  -  some project applications are on hold until this is resolved
- HIBP
 - @kencutt provided a status update for the HaveIBeenPwned opportunity.
 - @kencutt and @ovation22 have held multiple meetings with Troy Hunt. 
 - Troy Hunt shared his code with @kencutt and @ovation22 a few days ago. 
 - They are putting together a game plan to help Troy.  
- .NET6 Ecosystem Growth Working Group Next Steps
  - @sbwalker held a discussion around the .NET6 Ecosystem Growth working group. 
  - There will be a meeting held every Thursday from 4:00pm – 6:00pm Eastern time.
  - The working group will meet over the next three months. 
  - @snickler and @eriawan action items to send @sbwalker  contacts that would like to join the working group. 
- Q&A
  - @sbwalker asked @clairenovotny if the Board has any expectations or goals for the Projects Committee in 2021. 
  - @clairenovotny suggested @sbwalker to ask the question to the Board at the December Board meeting. 
  - There was a brief discussion held on the new GitHub Sponsor capabilities. 

The meeting adjourned at 1:00 pm ET