Project Committee Meeting - November 12, 2020, 12:00 PM ET

ATTENDEES: Chris Sfanos (@ChrisSfanos), Juan Elosegui (@jmelosegui), Shaun Walker (@sbwalker), Chris Hammond (@ChrisHammond), Jeremy Sinclair (@snickler), Tanner Gooding (@tannergooding), Ken Cutt (@kencutt), John Callaway (@ovation22)

ABSENT: Claire Novotny (@clairernovotny), Eriawan Kusumawardhono (@eriawan), Scott Willhite (@mrswoop)

STAFF OBSERVERS: Terracia King (@terraciaking)

AGENDA

1. MONTHLY PROGRESS UPDATE

- C# Standardization, Stride 
  - The Board of Directors agreed to accept the Project Committeeâ€™s recommendation and approve these applications from last month.

2. REVIEW NEW PROJECT APPLICATIONS	

- HttpReports 
  - it was noted that this project is using the "dotnetcore" organization on Github which may be a trademark violation issue ( similar to the earlier CAP applications )
  - active community - mostly in China, documentation is mostly in Chinese, contributions primarily from 1 person
  - need clarification from Board of Directors on how to proceed
- Our World & The Oasis
  - licensed under GNU license which is not compatible with .NET Foundation charter
  - community is not large or active - however application is very substantial effort
- Silk.NET 
  - activity metrics indicate maturity, license is permissive
  - recommendation: Project Committee agreed to recommend Stride to the Board for membership
- Ant Design Blazor
  - activity metrics indicate maturity, license is permissive
  - recommendation: Project Committee agreed to recommend Stride to the Board for membership
- Finbuckle.MultiTenant
  - activity metrics indicate maturity, license is permissive
  - recommendation: Project Committee agreed to recommend Stride to the Board for membership

3. PROJECT
- Project Recommendations
  - @jmelosegui held a discussion around how the Projects Committee could provide feedback to project contributors to indicate areas where they could improve the maturity of their projects
  - @jmelosegui action item to create a template for the Project Committee to use when providing feedback with project maintainers on the status of their projects.  
- IdentityServer 
  - @sbwalker and @clairernovotny met with the maintainers of IdentityServer and @sbwalker has exchanged emails sharing his experience in commercializing an open source project
  - IdentityServer has committed to supporting the current version of the project for 2 more years
  - a new company has been formed named Duende which will offer a commercial version
- .NET 6 Ecosystem Collaboration
  - Immo Landwerth from Microsoft reached out to the Project Committee to collaborate on an initiative to Grow the .NET ecosystem through increased Quality, Confidence, and Support. 
  - the Project Committee had an initial kickoff meeting to understand the context of the request and plan the logistics
- DNN
  - @sbwalker and Mitchel Sellers received clarification on trademark matters related to the .NET Foundation contribution agreement
- HaveIBeenPwned (HIBP)
  - @kencutt and @ovation22 will facilitate an in-depth discussion with Troy Hunt to come up with a proposal for contributing HIBP to the .NET Foundation

The meeting adjourned at 1:00 pm ET