Project Committee Meeting - Thursday, June 11, 12:00 PM ET

Attendees: @sbwalker, @ChrisHammond, @snickler, @tannergooding, @mrswoop, @clairernovotny, @ChrisSfanos
Absent: @eriawan

Agenda:

1. Opening Discussion

- PInvoke - Board of Directors agreed to accept recommendation and approve application last month 
  - Chris Sfanos in process of onboarding
- Licensing - discussed latest status of .NET Foundation project which had changed its open source license
  - project has rolled back to the previous license
  - @sbwalker action item to write a blog promoting the successful collaboration between the project and .NET Foundation
- Board Elections
  - Executive Director shared info with the group about the approach for the upcoming Board elections

2. Review Project Applicants

-  MahApps.Metro - reviewed health metrics and eligibility criteria
   - Project Committee recommends the Board approve this application
- Catalyst - project application had been reviewed previously by Project Committee (March)
  - Executive Director indicated one of the earlier blocking issues had been addressed
  - reviewed most recent health metrics and eligibility criteria
  - Project Committee not able to make recommendation to approve - will contact project owner with feedback
- General Project Discussion
  - .NET Foundation needs a master list of projects which includes links to all associated assets, including CLAs
  - Chris Sfanos volunteered to reconcile the project master list

3. .NET Ecosystem Discussion

- reviewed recent events, articles related to Microsoft and the Open Source ecosystem
- items were not directly related to the .NET Foundation - they were shared with the Project Committee for general awareness
- discussed general guidelines for public communication on behalf of .NET Foundation

4. Open Source Licensing Discussion

- Project Committee in agreement that approved licenses should only include permissive licenses
- Project Charter should have another iteration of amendments to address any of the specific items which have raised since it was originally published

5. Q&A

- Executive Director requested summary of Project Committee items to include in monthly newsletter

Meeting adjourned after 1 hour.