Project Committee Meeting - January 14, 2021, 12:00 PM ET

ATTENDEES: Chris Sfanos (@ChrisSfanos), Juan Elosegui (@jmelosegui), Shaun Walker (@sbwalker), Jeremy Sinclair (@snickler), Ken Cutt (@kencutt), Claire Novotny (@clairernovotny), John Callaway (@ovation22), Scott Willhite (@mrswoop),

ABSENT: Jeff Strauss (@jstrauss), Chris Hammond (@ChrisHammond), Tanner Gooding (@tannergooding), Eriawan Kusumawardhono (@eriawan),  

STAFF OBSERVERS: Terracia King (@terraciaking)

AGENDA

1. MONTHLY PROGRESS UPDATE

- .NET6 Ecosystem Growth working group
  - @sbwalker provided context
  - The group had its first meeting last week.
  - There will be a meeting held every Thursday from 4-6 PM ET for the next 3 months

2. REVIEW NEW PROJECT APPLICATIONS

- There were no new project applications to review this month. 	

3. PROJECT COMMITTEE DISCUSSION

- Haveibeenpwned (HIBP)
  - @kencutt provided a status update for the Haveibeenpwned opportunity
  - @kencutt action item to follow up with the Troy Hunt to continue discussing the HIBP project. 

- Press Release Plan Discussion (from project applications)
  - @sbwalker led a brief discussion on the Press Release Plan mentioned on the Project Application form.

- Q&A
  - @clairenovotny shared that the Executive Committee will be asking for the Projects Committeeâ€™s goals in 2021
  - @jmelosegui suggested that the Project Committee create a method to review project activity and determine criteria that the projects must maintain to be a part of the .NET Foundation.
  - @sbwalker suggested that the Project Committee focuses on policy and procedures
  - @snickler suggested that the Committee pull items from the .NET Ecosystem Growth meetings to focus on, such as documentation.
  - The Committee agreed to work asynchronously to determine the three goals they would like to pursue in 2021.

The meeting adjourned at 12:26 PM ET
