Project Committee Meeting - February 11, 2021, 12:00 PM ET

ATTENDEES: Chris Sfanos (@ChrisSfanos), Shaun Walker (@sbwalker), Jeremy Sinclair (@snickler), Ken Cutt (@kencutt), John Callaway (@ovation22), Tanner Gooding (@tannergooding), Eriawan Kusumawardhono (@eriawan),  

ABSENT: Jeff Strauss (@jstrauss), Chris Hammond (@ChrisHammond), Scott Willhite (@mrswoop), Claire Novotny (@clairernovotny), Juan Elosegui (@jmelosegui),

STAFF OBSERVERS: Terracia King (@terraciaking)

AGENDA

1. MONTHLY PROGRESS UPDATE

- There were no new projects approved last month. Therefore, there was no need to seek any approvals from the Board.
- Project Contribution Model
  - A meeting occurred with the .NET Foundation’s lawyer to obtain clarification on the Project Contribution model
  - the discussion was focused on the .NET Foundation's legal limitations in terms of being able to provide full support for projects which are not contributed via assigment
  - @sbwalker argued that the .NET Foundation has traditionally been an inclusive organization and needs to retain its current “open” policy in regards to project contribution models. This open policy allows the .NET Foundation to accommodate the vast diversity in open source projects in the .NET ecosystem including those which want to pursue commercial models as well as projects which have grown organically and do not have full code provenance of their contributions.
  - it was decided that the .NET Foundation should continue to support multiple types of project contributions - both in the form of assignments and licenses
  - a new Project Contribution agreement will be created by the lawyer which better defines the details of each approach
  - Project onboarding will remain on hold until the new agreement is available
  - @tannergooding asked if there will be any impact on projects that entered the .NET Foundation using the current contribution agreement
  - @ChrisSfanos indicated this is an open question which needs to be clarified by the lawyer 
  - @tannergooding suggested that it would be optimal if we could provide project leaders with all of the relevant information they need to know from day one to meet the .NET Foundation’s requirements 
  - @ChrisSfanos will schedule another meeting with the .NET Foundation lawyer
- .NET6 Ecosystem Growth Working group meetings.
  - Continue to occur on a weekly basis

2. REVIEW NEW PROJECT APPLICATIONS

- Venflow
  - Activity metrics indicate this project is relatively new.
  - licensing is permissive
  - recommendation: do not recommend for approval, evaluate if suitable for Seed
- OpenSleigh
  - Activity metrics indicate this project is relatively new.
  - licensing is permissive
  - recommendation: do not recommend for approval, evaluate if suitable for Seed
- OpenMod
  - activity metrics indicate this project is fairly well established
  - license is permissive, but not standard and has a non-standard jurisdiction issue  
  - recommendation: do not recommend for approval, follow up with contributor about licensing
- HIBP
  - @ovation22 provided a status update for the HIBP project
  - open source project is not yet released to the public 
  - project is well known and respected within the industry.
  - good project for the .NET Foundation to be affiliated with. 
  - maintainer is looking for guidance as it is his first time venturing into open source  
  - Project Committee will recommend the HIBP project to the Board for approval

3. PROJECT

- Project Committee Discussion
  - @sbwalker held a discussion on the Projects Committee 2021 goals. 
  - @tannergooding suggested that the Projects Committee strive to provide clear and public guidance as to what we are looking for in a project ie. how to setup a project in the right way. 
  - @sbwalker suggested that the Projects Committee revise the Charter to reflect the latest understanding and criteria 
  - @snickler suggested that the Committee should review the activities of existing projects regularly.
  - @sbwalker mentioned providing the project maintainers guidance as to how to remain a member. 
  - @snickler suggested the Committe should provide guidelines for how projects can exit the .NET Foundation. 
  - @snickler asked if there was a threshold or a maximum number of members for the Projects Committee. @sbwalker said there is no limit - it can add as many as necessary as long as appropriate leadership and guidance is being provided and members are contributing value 
  - @tannergooding suggestd setting up a communication tool that is dedicated to the Project Committee to chat adhoc
- .NET6 Ecosystem Growth working group meetings.
  - @sbwalker provided status on the .NET6 Ecosystem Growth working group meetings. 
  - progress has been limited as the goals are not clear 
  - @tannergooding suggested that another communication tool may be helpful for collaborating in a less formal fashion. 
- .Q&A
  - @ChrisSfanos action item to send the projects that have been on hold an email to inform them of what is going on. 
  - @snickler held a discussion on monetizing open source and its concerns. 

The meeting adjourned at 1:02 PM ET.
