Project Committee Meeting - March 11, 2021, 12:00 PM ET

ATTENDEES: Chris Sfanos (@ChrisSfanos), Shaun Walker (@sbwalker), Jeremy Sinclair (@snickler), John Callaway (@ovation22), Eriawan Kusumawardhono (@eriawan), Scott Willhite (@mrswoop)

ABSENT: Jeff Strauss (@jstrauss), Chris Hammond (@ChrisHammond), Claire Novotny (@clairernovotny), Juan Elosegui (@jmelosegui), Tanner Gooding (@tannergooding), Ken Cutt (@kencutt)

STAFF OBSERVERS: Terracia King (@terraciaking)

AGENDA

1. MONTHLY PROGRESS UPDATE

- HIBP was recommended to the Board for approval prior to public release
  - Board did not endorse the recommendation at this time
  - Board requested to review HIBP’s private repository to review the state of the code 
  - Troy Hunt will open HIBP’s private repository for the Board to review. 
  - @sbwalker and @ovation22 met with Beth Massi to discuss Marketing and PR opportunities to promote the HIBP project. 
  - Beth Massi suggested possible announcing the HIBP project in May 
- Project Contribution Models
  - @ChrisSfanos commented that the Project Contribution models are still unresolved
  - project onboarding resumed using legacy agreements and approach for the time being
- .NET6 Ecosystem Growth working group meetings are cancelled until April 1st whe survey results will be ready

2. REVIEW NEW PROJECT APPLICATIONS

- .NEXT (https://github.com/sakno/dotNext)
  - activity metrics indicate this project is very mature and robust
  - @eriawan mentioned project is very popular in Indonesia
  - project has extensive documentation
  - licensing check indicates that the project meets the required criteria
  - Project Committee will recommend the .NEXT project to the Board for approval
- ReactJS Template (https://github.com/Rubix982/ASP.NET-ReactJS-Template/)
  - activity metrics indicate this project is very new and not very active 
  - very few contributors
  - licensing check indicates that the project meets the required criteria
  - Project Committee will not recommend project to the Board for approval at this time
  - project may qualifyas a Seed project at this time
  - @sbwalker action item to provide feedback to the project maintainer regarding the Committee's decision

3. PROJECT

- .NET6 Ecosystem Growth working group meetings
  - @sbwalker provided an update on the .NET6 Ecosystem Growth working group meetings 
  - @sbwalker shared a presentation on Open Sustainability
    - https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/ecosystem-growth/blob/main/docs/oss-sustainability.pptx​
  - @eriawan created a presentation on how to make contributions more meaningful and fair
    - https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/ecosystem-growth/blob/main/docs/proposed-how-to-reward-contributors.pptx​
  - @tannergooding and @snickler working on presentation for Best Practices For Starting An Open Source Project​
- General
  - Information has been shared with James Randall to clarify his recent blog about the .NET Foundation
  - https://twitter.com/sbwalker/status/1370451712859893760 ​

The meeting adjourned at 12:53 PM ET.
